r-ubuntu/README.md, before:

An **Ubuntu16.04** system with **Pandoc** and a compiled
version of **R-3.4.0**

### 1.1.1

Like 1.1.0 but also installs the *unzip* package. This one is required
for `devtools::install_github()` inside R (in the current CRAN
release) to extract zip images. 

### 1.1.0

This image depends on **Pandoc 1.17.2**. 

The **R-3.4.0** version was compiled from source and a number of
system packages have been installed to do so.

*gcc g++ git libcurl4-openssl-dev curl coreutils bash wget gfortran
fort77 libreadline6 libreadline6-dev xorg-dev bzip2 libbz2-dev
liblzma-dev libtiff5-dev libpcre3-dev libxml2-dev libssl-dev
libuv1-dev* 


### 1.0.0

This image depends on **Pandoc 1.16.0.2**, which was installed from
the Ubuntu repositories. 

The **R-3.4.0** version was compiled from source and a number of
system packages have been installed to do so.

*gcc g++ git libcurl4-openssl-dev curl coreutils bash wget gfortran
fort77 libreadline6 libreadline6-dev xorg-dev bzip2 libbz2-dev
liblzma-dev libtiff5-dev libpcre3-dev libxml2-dev libssl-dev
libuv1-dev*

Commit message:

update r-ubuntu + deps r-ubuntu now features the libcairo2-dev package so bookdown can produce images without X in addition the documentation was updated

r-ubuntu/README.md, after:

An **Ubuntu16.04** system with **Pandoc** and a compiled
version of **R-3.4.0**

### 1.1.2

Installing the additional *libcairo2-dev* package. R is now able to
generate pictures by calling e.g. `png( filename, type = "cairo" )`.

### 1.1.1

Like 1.1.0 but also installs the *unzip* package. This one is required
for `devtools::install_github()` inside R (in the current CRAN
release) to extract zip images. 

### 1.1.0

This image depends on **Pandoc 1.17.2**. 

The **R-3.4.0** version was compiled from source and a number of
system packages have been installed to do so.

*gcc g++ git libcurl4-openssl-dev curl coreutils bash wget gfortran
fort77 libreadline6 libreadline6-dev xorg-dev bzip2 libbz2-dev
liblzma-dev libtiff5-dev libpcre3-dev libxml2-dev libssl-dev
libuv1-dev* 


### 1.0.0

This image depends on **Pandoc 1.16.0.2**, which was installed from
the Ubuntu repositories. 

The **R-3.4.0** version was compiled from source and a number of
system packages have been installed to do so.

*gcc g++ git libcurl4-openssl-dev curl coreutils bash wget gfortran
fort77 libreadline6 libreadline6-dev xorg-dev bzip2 libbz2-dev
liblzma-dev libtiff5-dev libpcre3-dev libxml2-dev libssl-dev
libuv1-dev*
